Support Plan: minor changes for clarity (#20011)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/connected-care-announcement.md

## FAQs

### How do I check or make changes to my current support plan?

Visit the [Support](https://tidbcloud.com/console/org-settings/support) page in the TiDB Cloud console. Your current support plan is displayed in the upper-left area of the page.

> You are able to make a change on the page for the new plans, with the exception of the **Premium** tier. Please [contact sales](https://www.pingcap.com/contact-us) if you wish to upgrade to the **Premium** plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting Feb 17, 2025, you can transition to the new support plans on the [Support](https://tidbcloud.com/console/org-settings/support) page, except for the **Premium** support plan. To upgrade to the **Premium** plan, please [contact sales](https://www.pingcap.com/contact-us).
```
